Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[THUNDER]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[BUZZING]
[KNIVES SHARPENING]
[CUTTING]
[LAUGHING]
[BUZZING]
[LAUGHING IN THE DISTANCE]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[RINGING]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
♪ music
THE MIND PLAYS TRICKS ON YOU.
NOW YOU SEE ME.
NOW YOU DON'T.
[LOW LAUGHTER]
[FOOTSTEPS]
[WHEELS ROLLING]
YOU BETTER BE CAREFUL.
WE'RE WATCHING YOU.
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
[TV AUDIO]
[PHONE RINGING]
[TAPPING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[TAPPING]
[PHONE BUSY SIGNAL]
[WHISPERING] GET OUT.
♪ music
NOW.
[DOOR OPENING]
TERESA?
[DOOR CLOSING]
HOW WAS MEXICO?
YOU OKAY?
TALK TO ME.
I'M THINKING OF DOING SOMETHING
BAD.
DOESN'T MATTER IF IT'S BAD.
BUT A KNIFE LIKE THAT'S NOT
GOING TO GET YOU VERY FAR.
I KNOW WHERE WE CAN FIND A LOT
OF MONEY.
I JUST DON'T WANT TO DO IT
ALONE.
HOW MANY PEOPLE KNOW ABOUT IT?
WELL.
MY BROTHERS AND MY SISTER.
THAT'S TOO MANY PEOPLE.
LOOK. THE FIRST RULE OF BEING A
CRIMINAL.
DON'T STEAL WITH MORE THAN TWO
PEOPLE.
I REALLY NEED YOU ON THIS.
THIS IS OUR CHANCE.
WE COULD HAVE ALL THIS MONEY AND
GET THE THINGS THAT WE REALLY
WANT.
I. I DON'T THINK WE CAN.
PLEASE.
♪ music
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[FLOOR CREAKING]
[UNZIPPING]
[FOOT STEPS AND FLOOR CREAKING]
♪ music
WHERE'S GRANDMA?
[SCREAMING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[POUNDING ON WINDOW]
GAVIN?
[KNOCKING ON WINDOW]
GAVIN. OPEN UP.
I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE.
[POUNDING ON WINDOW]
WHO TOLD YOU I WAS HERE?
HANNAH.
LOVELY.
YEAH.
SHE'S BEEN A RAT EVER SINCE WE
WERE LITTLE KIDS.
YOU KNOW.
I REALLY HATE SEEING YOU LIVING
LIKE THIS.
WELL. ARE YOU GOING TO ASK WHY
I'M HERE?
YOU KNOW.
WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE?
WHY DON'T YOU JUST SAY YOUR
BULLSHIT SPEECH AND JUST LEAVE.
OKAY?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I SHOULD JUST LET YOU DRIVE THIS
PIECE OF SHIT VAN
RIGHT BACK DOWN JOY ROAD OVER
THERE.
SO YOU CAN FIND OUT WHAT JUST
HAPPENED.
THEY FOUND GRANDMA DEAD.
WHAT?
OH MY GOD.
DON'T START THAT SHIT NOW.
I KNOW YOU AND I KNOW THESE
TEARS
THEY DON'T MEAN SHIT!
HOW CAN YOU SAY THAT SHIT TO ME?
I MEAN LOOK HOW I'M LIVING.
OH WHAT? SO YOU'RE GOING TO
BLAME ME NOW?
IT'S MY FAULT?
DO YOU. DO YOU REMEMBER WHEN
YOU WANTED
TO TURN EIGHTEEN SO BADLY?
WELL. HERE IT IS. GUESS WHAT?
THIS IS ADULTHOOD
IN FULL EFFECT.
IT'S SINK OR SWIM NOW KID
BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT A LITTLE GIRL
ANYMORE.
AND THESE TEARS.
NOBODY GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THEM.
NO ONE CARES THAT YOU'RE CRYING.
NO ONE CARES THAT YOU'RE BROKE.
AND NO ONE GIVES A SHIT IF YOU
LIVE IN A FUCKING VAN!
[DOOR SLAMS]
♪ music
HELLO.
HI.
I'M SORRY.
I WAS JUST LOOKING AT YOUR
PURSE.
EXCUSE ME?
YEAH. IT'S. UM. REALLY PRETTY.
WELL. THANK YOU.
SO. IS THAT HOT CHOCOLATE OR
COFFEE?
NOT THAT IT MATTERS.
YEAH. UM.
I JUST WANTED TO BUY A HOT
CHOCOLATE. BUT
THIS IS EMBARRASSING. BUT I DONT
HAVE ENOUGH MONEY SO...
WELL. I THINK I CAN HELP YOU.
THANK YOU.
$5?
IS THAT REALLY ALL YOU COULD
COME UP WITH?
YOU'RE KIDDING?
NO. UM.
ACTUALLY. ACTUALLY I'M NOT.
SO. WHY DON'T YOU REACH INTO
THAT PRETTY LITTLE PURSE
AND TRY A LITTLE HARDER.
YOU'RE CRAZY.
YOU'RE NOT GETTING THIS $5 BACK.
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU NOTICED BUT
I'M A POLICE OFFICER
AND YOU KNOW YOU NEED TO GO GET
A JOB.
I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR A JOB
ACTUALLY. UM. FOR MONTHS
AND NOT A SINGLE ONE CALLED ME
SO...
UM. I LOST MY MOM.
I LOST GRANDMA.
I LOST MY HOUSE.
SO. DON'T ACT SO SURPRISED.
OKAY?
BECAUSE YOU KNOW THE SAME THING
THAT HAPPENED TO ME
COULD HAPPEN TO ANYONE.
I'M SORRY.
I'M REALLY SORRY.
♪ music
WE GOT A CALL FROM DPD.
I WAS PUT ON THE CASE TWO DAYS
AFTER WE FOUND THE GRANDMOTHER.
WE BEGAN OUR SEARCH IN THE WOODS
LOOKING FOR WHERE HER
GRANDAUGHTER GAVIN HAD PARKED
AND LIVED IN HER VAN.
WE'D LIKE TO TALK TO THE OLDEST
GRANDDAUGHTER TERESA.
BUT NO ONE'S SEEN HER.
SO. WHAT DO YOU REALLY THINKING
HAPPENED TO THE GRANDMOTHER?
I DON'T KNOW.
WELL. HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT THE
CASE?
I DON'T.
IT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE ANYTHING IS
GOING TO SHOW UP HERE EITHER.
♪ music
[SIPPING COFFEE]
THAT'S GOOD COFFEE.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
COME IN.
KELOGG?
THAT'S ME.
LIKE THE BREAKFAST OF CHAMPIONS.
SPEAKING OF CHAMPIONS.
TO THE RIGHT IS INVESTIGATOR
ZOD.
TO THE LEFT MY ASSISTANT.
I ASSUME THE ADMINISTRATOR AT
THE AGENCY CONTACTED YOU?
SHE SURE DID.
HOLD ON.
[CAMERA SHUTTER]
RIGHT.
HAVE A SEAT.
I CAN'T SIT WHEN MY COMPANY IS
LOSING MONEY.
THEN LET'S GET DOWN TO BUSINESS.
I'LL NEED NAMES. ADDRESSES.
SHOE SIZES. BRA SIZES. THE
WORKS.
MY COMPANY MAKES $100 MILLION A
YEAR.
THE MONEY GOES FROM THE
CUSTOMER'S ACCOUNT TO US.
THE CUSTOMER CONTACTS US TO CASH
IN.
IF WE HAVE TO PAY. WE PAY.
IF WE DON'T. WE DON'T.
MY JOB
IS TO FIND A REASON NOT TO PAY.
SOUNDS LIKE YOU GOT A PRETTY
FUCKED UP JOB.
IT'S A FUCKED UP WORLD.
AND THEN SOME.
AND WE'RE ALL IN IT.
WHAT ABOUT YOU ZOD?
STANDING HERE FOR A FEW MINUTES.
HAVEN'T SAID A WORD.
YOU TALK?
ONLY WHEN I'VE GOT SOMETHING TO
SAY.
THAT WORKS.
WHAT ABOUT YOU SWEETHEART?
YOU JUST ANOTHER PRETTY FACE?
SHE'S FUCKING USELESS
UNLESS YOU WANT A BLOWJOB AS A
PARTIAL PAYMENT.
[LAUGHING]
I NEVER MIX BUSINESS WITH
PLEASURE.
THAT'S MY MOTTO.
THE ENVELOPE PLEASE.
EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO START
IS EITHER IN THAT ENVELOPE
OR IN ZOD'S HEAD.
I HOPE ZOD DOESN'T LET US DOWN.
I DON'T GET LET DOWN. KELOGG.
I'M THE GUY THAT SENDS THE
LETTERS TO THE CLIENTS
LETTING THEM KNOW THAT THEIR
CLAIM'S BEEN DENIED.
ESPECIALLY IF IT AIN'T LEGIT.
ALL RIGHT.
GIVE ME A FEW DAYS AND I'LL GET
BACK TO YOU.
THANKS FOR YOUR TIME.
THANK YOU.
ANY REASON WHY YOU'RE STILL
HERE?
WELL. I THOUGHT WE'D TAKE A FEW
MINUTES TO GET TO KNOW EACH
OTHER.
WELL. I HATE TO LET YOU DOWN.
BUT
I'M NOT LOOKING TO GET TO KNOW
ANYBODY.
SO. IF YOU DON'T MIND...
SO. YOU WANT ME TO LEAVE?
WELL. YOU CATCH ON FAST.
AREN'T YOU READY TO WORK?
WELL. I'M NOT DOING ANYTHING
UNTIL THIS CHECK CLEARS.
SO. YOU WANT ME TO LEAVE?
YOU'RE STARTING TO GET ON MY
NERVES. ZOD.
SO. IN PLAIN ENGLISH
TAKE A WALK.
GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!
IT'S BEEN A LONG DAY.
[DOOR CLOSING]
♪ music
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
♪ music
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[PUKING]
[COUGHING]
♪ music
[DOOR CLOSING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[PUKING]
[COUGHING]
HEY. YOU OKAY?
♪ music
[PHONE RINGING]
[TAPPING]
MEXICO DIDN'T WORK OUT.
GAVIN CAN'T BE TRUSTED.
SHE WENT THERE WITHOUT US.
♪ music
[FLOOR SQUEAKING]
[JIGGLING DOOR HANDLE]
♪ music
[CHAINSAW]
THERE'S NOW TWO PEOPLE MISSING.
THE SECOND BEING TERESA'S
BROTHER RED.
[CAR DOOR OPENING]
[CAR DOOR CLOSING]
♪ music
[CAMERA SHUTTER]
ONE PICTURE TELLS IT ALL.
[CAR DOOR OPENING]
[CAR DOOR CLOSING]
[CAMERA SHUTTER]
[CAR DOOR OPENING]
[CAR ENGINE STARTING]
[CAR DOOR CLOSING]
♪ eery music
[LAUGHING]
[CONTINUED LAUGHTER]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[WHISTLING]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[KNOCKING]
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
[BANGING]
[BLINDS OPENING]
♪ music
[CAR DOOR CLOSING]
HOW ARE YOU TODAY?
I'VE BEEN BETTER.
WELL. LET'S JUST GET DOWN TO
BUSINESS. SHALL WE?
YOUR GRANDMOTHER SET UP A TRUST
FUND FOR ALL THE FAMILY MEMEBERS
NAMED ON THIS DOCUMENT.
MY NAME IS ON THERE. RIGHT?
YES. OF COURSE.
BUT DUE TO THE TERMS OF THE
AGREEMENT.
WE NEED THE SIGNATURES OF ALL
THE PARTIES.
ALL FOUR BENEFICIARIES.
INCLUDING YOURSELF.
UM. I WAS HOPING BLAKE WOULD BE
HERE.
OH. YES.
HE WAS HERE.
HE SIGNED BOTH COPIES AND LEFT.
WHAT?
HMM-MM.
[LAUGHING]
UM. WOULD YOU MIND IF I TAKE
SOME TIME TO LOOK OVER THESE?
BUT I WAS HIRED TO DO THAT.
I. I KNOW...
I JUST WANT TO FULLY UNDERSTAND
WHAT I'M SIGNING THROUGH MY OWN
EYES.
OH. SO NOW YOU'RE PRACTICING
LAW.
IS THAT HOW IT IS. YOUNG LADY?
NO. UM. ACTUALLY.
I WANT TO HAVE MY OWN ATTORNEY
LOOK AT THIS.
WHY?
EXCUSE ME?
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
YOU DON'T TRUST ME?
NO.
HMM. FINE.
DON'T SIGN IT.
FINE BY ME.
DON'T SIGN A DAMN THING.
LET ME EXPLAIN SOMETHING TO YOU.
ALL THAT MATTERS IS WHAT'S
WRITTEN ON THIS DOCUMENT.
NOT YOUR VIEWS.
NOT YOUR OPINIONS.
AND NOT YOUR LAWYER.
SO. IF I WERE YOU
I'D GIVE IT A CHANCE.
YOU KNOW.
ROLL THE DICE
AND SIGN ON THE DOTTED LINE.
LET'S GO.
SIGN IT.
[DOOR CLOSING]
PIECE OF SHIT!
I'M A PIECE OF SHIT?
IF I'M A PIECE OF SHIT THEN WHAT
THE FUCK DOES THAT MAKE YOU?
YOU'RE THE ONE LIVING IN A
GODDAMN VAN.
JUST TELL ME. WHY DID YOU
GO TO THE ATTORNEY'S OFFICE AND
THEN LEAVE?
LEAVE BEFORE I GOT THERE? WHY?
WHAT'S THE BIG PROBLEM?
YOU KNOW WHAT MY PROBLEM IS?
FUCKING YOU KNOW WHAT I'VE BEEN
GOING THROUGH.
I HAVE NO PLACE TO LIVE.
I'M LIVING IN A FUCKING VAN
PICKING THROUGH GARBAGE
WHILE YOU'RE FUCKING EATING REAL
FOOD.
- SHUT UP.
- THAT'S WHAT MY PROBLEM IS.
- COME ON.
SHUT UP.
GAVIN. COME ON.
NO. YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU COME ON!
I MEAN I USED TO THINK. I USED
TO THINK THAT YOU ACTUALLY
CARED ABOUT ME.
BUT NOW I KNOW. NOW I KNOW YOU
DON'T GIVE A SHIT ABOUT ME.
SO. THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK?
YOU THINK I DON'T GIVE A SHIT?
YOU KNOW WHAT YOUR PROBLEM IS?
IS THAT YOU NEVER APPRECIATE A
GODDAMN THING THAT ANYBODY DOES
FOR YOU EVER!
GIVE ME SOMETHING TO APPRECIATE
AND I FUCKING WILL!
GOD! I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHO YOU
ARE ANYMORE.
I'M YOUR GODDAMN SISTER. THAT'S
WHO I AM.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS TO
ME?
IT ONLY MEANS THAT WE CAME FROM
THE SAME FUCKING MOTHER.
I HATE YOU.
[PUNCHING DOOR]
[SLAMMING DOOR SHUT]
FUCK!
[YELLING] FUCK !
FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU!
KELOGG.
CAN I HELP YOU GUYS?
MAYBE WE CAN HELP YOU.
YOU CAN START BY TELLING ME
WHY THE FUCK YOU GOT MY
SUNGLASSES.
THEY WERE SITTING ON THAT TABLE
OVER THERE BEFORE.
SO NOBODY WOULD TAKE THEM.
YOU GUYS COPS?
YOU LOOKING TO MAKE A POLICE
REPORT?
HAVE A SEAT. COME ON.
GO AHEAD.
YOU HAVEN'T ANSWERED MY
QUESTION.
YOU STILL HAVEN'T ANSWERED MINE.
WELL. FIRE AWAY.
I'M ATTORNEY KELOGG.
THIS IS INVESTIGATOR ZOD.
AND THIS IS GOOD COFFEE.
IT SURE IS.
LISTEN. I KNOW YOU GUYS AREN'T
HERE ABOUT TALKING ABOUT NO
GODDAMN COFFEE.
AND NOW THAT I KNOW THAT YOU'RE
BOTH NOT COPS.
YOU GUYS GOT ABOUT TWO MINUTES
BEFORE I KICK YOU THE FUCK OUT
OF HERE.
THE INSURANCE COMPANY HAS A FEW
QUESTIONS
TO ASK ABOUT THE DEATH OF YOUR
GRANDMOTHER.
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO KNOW?
SHE'S DEAD.
- JUST A COUPLE OF QUESTIONS.
JUST A COUPLE OF QUESTIONS?
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU LOOKING
AT?
JUST ANSWER THE MAN'S QUESTIONS.
FINE.
I'LL ANSWER ONE QUESTION
AND YOU BETTER MAKE IT A GOOD
ONE.
WELL.
I'M NOT GOING TO KISS YOUR ASS
TO GET THIS INFORMATION.
YOU DON'T WANT TO TALK TO ME?
THEN DON'T.
GREAT.
THEN YOU AND YOUR BUDDY CAN GET
THE FUCK OUT OF HERE.
I THINK WE BETTER LEAVE
BEFORE SOMETHING HAPPENS THAT
WE'LL BE VERY SORRY FOR.
YOUR SISTER'S STILL LIVING IN A
VAN.
WHO CARES?
YOU'RE ALL HEART BLAKE.
CHANGE YOUR MIND. YOU WANT TO
TALK. CALL ME.
I'M LISTED. KELOGG.
LIKE THE CORN FLAKES.
EXCUSE ME?
HELLO?
CAN I GET SOME TOWELS PLEASE?
MY ROOM IS OUT OF TOWELS.
HELLO?
[DIALING PHONE]
HEY. UM. IT'S ME.
JUST LISTEN. OKAY?
I USED THE SPARE KEY
AND I PUT. UM. AN ENVELOPE IN A
SHOEBOX
UNDER YOUR BED. OKAY?
AND. UM.
JUST DON'T TRY TO CONTACT ME.
DON'T TRY TO CALL ME OR TEXT
ME OR ANYTHING. OKAY?
LET'S JUST LET THIS WHOLE THING
PLAY OUT AND THEN WE'LL TALK
AFTER.
[HANGING UP PHONE]
NO. PLEASE. NO.
NO. NO. NO.
NO. NO.
[PUNCH]
[BREATHING]
♪ music
[CHAINSAW]
[HEARTBEAT]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[FOOTSTEPS]
WHAT AM I DOING HERE?
[SINGING]
GAVIN.
WE SEE YOU GAVIN.
WE KNOW WHY YOU'RE HERE.
DO YOU?
IT'S VERY IMPORTANT THAT YOU
FOLLOW OUR INSTRUCTIONS OR
YOU MAY DIE.
[LAUGHING]
WHAT?
TELL US ABOUT MEXICO.
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT.
AW.
YOU DISAPPOINT US GAVIN.
IS THIS SOMEONE'S IDEA OF A
FUCKING JOKE?
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU WRITING?
THERE ARE TWO TYPES OF DRINKS IN
FRONT OF YOU.
ONE OF THEM YOU'LL LOVE.
WHICH ONE WILL IT BE?
I'D DRANK THE FUCKING WATER.
ASSHOLE.
IT'S HOT IN HERE.
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[GLASS BREAKING]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
HELLO. MOTHERFUCKER.
YOU'RE ONE ANNOYING SON OF A
BITCH.
RED HEAD. RED HEAD.
READY TO TALK?
TALK? ABOUT WHAT?
THE FUCKING WEATHER?
TELL US ABOUT MEXICO.
STARTS WITH THE LETTER "M."
ASSHOLES.
YOU GUYS SAID I'D FIGURE IT OUT.
YOU SAID IF I THOUGHT HARD
ENOUGH
THIS FUCKING BRAIN OF MINE WOULD
FIGURE OUT WHY I'M HERE.
WELL. I CAN'T.
WHAT THE FUCK YOU KEEP LOOKING
AT ME FOR?
[CLIPBOARD SLAMMING]
SHALL I ADD SOME MORE PISS TO
IT?
FUCKERS.
DIRTY GIRL.
OH. DIRTY GIRL.
WE'RE WATCHING YOU.
♪ music
WHEN SOMEONE GOES MISSING
THE ANSWER IS USUALLY RIGHT
UNDER YOUR NOSE.
SOMEONE TRUSTED SOMEONE THEY
SHOULDN'T HAVE.
YOU JUST HAVE TO FIGURE IT OUT.
♪ music
♪ dramataic music
[PHONE RINGING]
HELLO?
IT'S ME. ARE YOU BUSY?
NO. I'M NOT.
I'D RATHER BE GETTING DRILLED
RIGHT ABOUT NOW BY JIMMY.
BUT THAT'S NOT HAPPENING.
WHY? WHAT'S UP?
I NEED TO TALK.
OKAY. SO START TALKING.
WELL. I WANTED TO COME BY.
WELL. DROP BY.
WAIT. WAIT. WAIT.
YOU'RE NOT PARKED OUTSIDE OR
SOME STRANGE SHIT LIKE THAT ARE
YOU?
NO.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL. I'LL BE HERE.
OKAY.
BYE-BYE.
[HANGING UP PHONE]
♪ music
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
DIGGING FOR GOLD?
NOPE.
DIGGING FOR GOLD MEANS DIGGING
UP MY ASS.
GOT ANYMORE PISS FOR ME TO
DRINK?
WHY DON'T WE HAVE A TALK?
FUCK YOU.
I DON'T WANT TO TALK TO YOU.
YOU DON'T HAVE A CHOICE.
HEY. I DO HAVE A CHOICE.
FUCKING PIECE OF WOOD.
OH!
RED.
YOU MUST COOPERATE
OR YOUR SCHEDULED TIME WILL END
SOONER.
SCHEDULED TIME?
YOU ARE AS NASTY AND EVIL AS WE
THOUGHT.
MEANING WHAT?
IT WILL BE HARDER FOR US TO KILL
YOUR SOUL.
IT WILL TAKE LONGER FOR YOUR
HEART TO STOP.
BUT DON'T WORRY IT WILL.
RED'S GOING TO DIE.
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
BEFORE YOU BROUGHT ME HERE.
BEFORE ALL THIS BULLSHIT.
MY LIFE WAS DEAD ANYWAY.
SO. IF YOU THINK YOU WANT TO
KILL ME.
GO RIGHT AHEAD.
OH. SHIT.
MAYBE THE URINE IS FINALLY
FLUSHING OUT YOUR SOUL.
UGH. PLEASE.
I NEED TO TAKE A SHIT.
GO RIGHT AHEAD.
[MOANING IN AGONY] UGH.
NEED SOME TOILET PAPER?
[DOORBELL RINGING]
HEY.
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
FUCK.
OKAY. HANNAH. WHAT'S GOING ON?
I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO SLEEP.
WELL. I CAN UNDERSTAND THAT.
YOU'VE BEEN THROUGH A LOT.
A LOT HAS HAPPENED.
YEAH. I TRIED TALKING TO MY MOM
AND SHE WON'T BELIEVE ME.
SHE JUST WON'T FUCKING BELIEVE
ME.
BELIEVE WHAT?
I CAN SHOW YOU BETTER THAN I CAN
TELL YOU.
OKAY.
NOW. IF YOU HAVE TO WARN ME
ABOUT SOMETHING
NOW WOULD BE A GOOD TIME.
NO SURPRISES.
OKAY.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
♪ music
♪ orchestra music
[DOORBELL RINGING]
[DOOR HANDLE JIGGLING]
ARE YOU EXPECTING ANYBODY?
♪ orchestra music
[SCREAM]
AH!
IT'S JUST ME.
GOD. DON'T FUCKING DO THAT SHIT
AGAIN.
FUCK.
♪ spooky music
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
♪ spooky music
[BREATHING]
WE FOUND OUT
ABOUT MEXICO.
[LAUGHING]
HOW. HOW DID YOU KNOW ABOUT
THAT?
[SCREAMING IN THE DISTANCE]
THAT WAS A SECRET.
YOU HAD A SECRET.
WE KNOW YOUR SECRET.
YOU'VE BEEN A BAD GIRL.
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[WHISTLING]
YOU LIKE THAT?
FINALLY. SOMETHING I DO GETS
YOUR ATTENTION.
[WHISTLING]
RED. RED.
SHIT.
STOP.
I KNEW IT.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST
STAY THE FUCK OUT OF THIS?
I WAS ENTERTAINING THAT GUY.
NOT YOU.
WE KNOW ABOUT YOUR ANGER
PROBLEM. RED.
ARE YOU ANGRY. RED?
OR
DOES THIS HAVE TO DO WITH
YOUR IMPOTENCE?
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
WHERE ARE YOU GETTING THIS
INFORMATION?
[SLAMMING CLIPBOARD]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
THAT'S IT.
MAY AS WELL FACE REALITY.
NEVER GOING TO GET OUT OF HERE
ALIVE.
FUCK.
WE HAVE ASKED YOU TO COOPERATE.
BUT YOU HAVE REFUSED.
STILL. YOU HAVE SURVIVED LONGER
THAN EXPECTED.
[LAUGHING]
WE HAVE STUDIED YOU
AND EVEN THOUGH YOU'RE ALIVE
RIGHT NOW
WE BELIEVE THAT SOON YOU WILL BE
DEAD.
[LAUGHING]
PLEASE.
YOU ARE WEAK.
STAYING ALIVE IS NOT AN OPTION.
PLEASE. HELP ME.
THERE'S PLEASURE IN WATCHING YOU
SUFFER.
THE PLEASURE OF WATCHING YOU
DIE.
DON'T LOOK AT MY MASTER. LOOK AT
ME!
LOOK AT ME!
WHY?
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
THERE IS NO REASON.
NO ONE CAN HELP.
NO ONE CAN HELP YOU.
SOON YOU'LL BE DEHYDRATED.
SOON YOU'LL LOSE TOUCH WITH
REALITY.
SOON YOUR HEART WILL STOP.
DIRTY GIRL.
OH. DIRTY GIRL.
♪ saxophone music
DOOR IS LOCKED.
I SEE THAT.
YOU WORK HERE OR ARE YOU A COP?
MOST PEOPLE COME HERE
ARE EITHER COPS
OR LOOKING FOR WORK.
ANYONE HERE?
GO TO THE BACK DOOR.
KNOCK.
AND START PRAYING.
♪ music
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
- HI. I'M DETECTIVE SMITH. DPD.
- WHAT DO YOU WANT?
- I'M INVESTIGATING THE
DISAPPEARANCE OF AN EMPLOYEE
HERE. RED CASON.
DID YOU KNOW HIM?
- DID OR DO?
BECAUSE I'M PRETTY SURE THOSE
MEAN TWO DIFFERENT THINGS.
- OKAY. DO YOU KNOW HIM?
- YEAH. I KNEW HIM.
BUT I DON'T KNOW YOU.
- DO YOU MIND IF I TAKE A LOOK
AROUND?
- OWNER'S NOT HERE.
- I JUST WANT TO TAKE A LOOK
AROUND.
- LOOK.
I PUT MY PAYCHECK IN THE GAS
TANK.
I HAVE TWO KIDS. NO MAN.
YOU EXPECT ME TO JUST LET YOU
WALK IN HERE?
NO.
I THINK I'D LIKE SOME CASH.
ALL RIGHT. THANK YOU.
[DOOR OPENING]
- EXCUSE ME.
- I KNEW THE SECRETARY WAS FULL
OF SHIT.
BUT I HAVE TO DO WHAT I HAVE TO
DO TO MAKE SENSE OF THIS.
[DOOR CLOSING]
♪ music
[CHAINSAW]
[HITTING THE FLOOR]
[GASPING]
♪ music
[GUN CLICK]
[MUFFLED SCREAMS]
[WHISPERING]
I'M SCARED.
I DON'T EVEN REALLY KNOW THIS
GUY.
I JUST GOT A MESSAGE SAYING TO
COME TO HIS OFFICE.
- CAN WE TRUST HIM?
- HE'S AN ATTORNEY.
- YEAH. HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
- COME IN.
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
HAVE A SEAT.
[CAMERA SHUTTER]
WHY IS SHE HERE?
IS SHE YOUR LOVER?
SHE'S MY FRIEND.
I PREFER TO SPEAK TO YOU ON THIS
MATTER ALONE.
REALLY?
THEN WHY IS HE HERE?
I DON'T KNOW THAT FUCKER.
HANNAH.
I PULLED A FEW STRINGS.
HAD THE INVESTIGATOR CHECK INTO
THE DOCUMENTS
FOR THE TRUST YOUR GRANDMOTHER
SET UP.
MY MOM GAVE ME THE ORIGINAL WHEN
I TURNED 18
AND SAID I HAD MONEY COMING.
WELL. IT DOESN'T SAY THAT NOW.
WHO CHANGED IT?
THAT WE DON'T KNOW.
SIR. I'M NOT TRYING TO GET
ANYTHING.
I MEAN IF I HAVE MONEY COMING
THAT'S FINE.
BUT MY OTHER RELATIVES DIDN'T
EVEN HAVE THE DECENCY TO GIVE
HER A FUCKING FUNERAL.
THERE'S TWO WILLS.
YOU CAN GO TO COURT.
CHALLENGE THE AUTHENTICITY OF
THE SECOND ONE.
BUT THAT'S ABOUT IT.
I'M SORRY.
MY MOM TOLD ME THAT MY
GRANDMOTHER KEPT MONEY.
LIKE LITERALLY HID MONEY
EVERYWHERE.
YOU GOT A MAP FOR IT?
OTHERWISE IT'S FINDER'S KEEPERS.
THANK YOU.
HANNAH. I'VE GOT ONE QUESTION.
WHAT IN THE HELL HAPPENED IN
MEXICO?
GAVIN'S MOM DISAPPEARED THERE.
AND DID ANY OF THE AUTHORITIES
GET BACK TO YOU AT ALL?
NO.
WELL. NOW THAT'S STRANGE.
BECAUSE WE WERE TOLD THAT THEY
FOUND HER ALIVE.
WHAT?
WHERE IS SHE?
MY MOM IS WORRIED SICK.
WE WERE HOPING THAT YOU WOULD
TELL US WHAT'S GOING ON.
YEAH.
ASIDE FROM WHAT WE ALREADY KNOW.
LIKE THE FACT THAT YOU HAVE A
STRANGE FUCKING FAMILY
AND RIGHT NOW WE CAN'T FIND ANY
OF THEM.
CAN I GO NOW?
WHO ASKED YOU TO STAY?
YOU GOT SOMETHING TO SAY?
I DIDN'T THINK SO.
AND CLOSE THE DOOR.
THERE'S A DRAFT.
[DOOR CLOSING]
I NEVER COULD MAKE THOSE
CIRCLES.
NEITHER COULD I. I'VE BEEN
SMOKING FOR YEARS.
IT TAKES TALENT.
IT DOES.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
MORRIS. DPD.
YOU WORK FOR GOLDSTEIN?
YES. I DO.
IS SHE AVAILABLE?
I'M SORRY. BUT NOBODY IS HERE
TODAY.
WELL. YOU'RE HERE.
WELL. I'M JUST HERE TO FINISH
SOME PAPERWORK.
I SEE.
YOU GUYS DRAFTED A WILL FOR A
FAMILY.
THIS WILL WAS...
YES. GAVIN WAS HERE AND SO WAS
HER BROTHER.
AND WE GAVE THEM. AS WELL AS THE
OTHERS.
A FULL UNDERSTANDING OF THE
WILL.
I'M NOT HERE ABOUT THE WILL.
THIS IS NOW A MURDER
INVESTIGATION.
SO. ANY INFORMATION THAT YOU
OR ATTORNEY GOLDSTEIN CAN GIVE
ME WOULD HELP.
DETECTIVE. WE DON'T GIVE
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR CASES
OR OUR CLIENTS FOR ANY REASON.
NOW. IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME.
JUST ONE MORE THING.
WHO HIRED YOU TO DRAFT THE WILL
IN THE FIRST PLACE?
KEEP TRYING. DETECTIVE.
BECAUSE GUESSWORK IS THE ONLY
WAY YOU'LL GET ANYTHING OUT OF
ME.
♪ music
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[DOOR OPENING]
SURPRISE. SURPRISE.
I DON'T THINK I TOLD YOU.
I DON'T LIKE SURPRISES
EXCEPT ON MY BIRTHDAY.
COULD'VE GOT YOURSELF KILLED.
LISTEN.
WHOA. WHOA. WHOA. WHOA.
YOU MOVE AGAIN AND THE FIRST
BULLET
GOES IN YOUR NUT SACK.
WHOA.
I JUST CAME HERE TO TALK KELOGG.
PUT THE GUN AWAY.
OKAY.
START TALKING.
KELOGG.
NOW WHERE WOULD SOMEONE GET A
NAME LIKE KELOGG FROM?
YEAH.
I THINK MY MOTHER WAS USING
DRUGS.
[LAUGHING]
WHY DID YOU COME TO SEE ME?
I GO SEE A LOT OF PEOPLE.
DON'T MEAN SHIT.
ANYWAY.
YOUR GRANDMOTHER
HAD A HALF A MILLION DOLLAR
INSURANCE POLICY.
BUT I'M SURE YOU KNOW ABOUT
THAT.
AND WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
THE PROBLEM IS THAT EVERYONE
WHO'S A BENEFICIARY IS MISSING
EXCEPT YOU.
THE INSURANCE COMPANY THINKS
THAT'S A LITTLE MORE THAN A
COINCIDENCE.
AND WHAT ABOUT HANNAH?
YEAH.
WHAT ABOUT HANNAH?
AND A VENTRILOQUIST?
THE MASKED MAN.
AND I DON'T MEAN THE LONE
RANGER.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT THE
INTERVIEWER?
THE GOLDEN ELEPHANT?
STOP THIS.
YOU'RE NOT EVEN A COP.
NOT ANYMORE.
BUT I KNOW A RAT WHEN I SEE ONE.
[LAUGHING]
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
WHERE'S THE MONEY. BITCH?
WHAT MONEY?
YOU'VE GOT FIVE SECONDS.
ONE. TWO. THREE. FOUR.
OKAY.
WHERE?
UPSTAIRS.
UNDER THE BED.
UPSTAIRS UNDER THE BED.
GO TAKE IT OUT.
YOU BETTER BE TELLING ME THE
TRUTH. BITCH.
HEY. BOSS.
DID YOU CHECK IT?
IS IT ALL THERE?
IT'S ALL I FOUND.
WHERE'S THE REST OF IT?
THAT'S IT.
I SWEAR.
[LAUGHING]
SWEET SMELL OF MONEY.
NICE DOING BUSINESS WITH YOU.
HAVE A GOOD DAY. DOLL.
LET'S GO.
HERE'S YOUR KEYS.
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
GAVIN. YOU HAVE A VISITOR.
THIS MAN HAS DONE NO HARM.
COMMITTED NO CRIME.
AND YET HIS FATE
LIES IN YOUR HANDS.
IF YOU WILL NOT TALK
TO SAVE YOURSELF.
PERHAPS YOU WILL TO SAVE AN
INNOCENT.
DECIDE QUICKLY.
DO NOT HESITATE.
TIME'S UP.
[CHOPPING]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
HUNGRY. GAVIN?
[BODY HITTING THE FLOOR]
YOU WOULDN'T EVEN HELP A
STRANGER.
WOULD YOU HELP A CHILD?
SHE'S FRESH. INNOCENT.
WHY DON'T YOU HELP HER?
HELP HER.
PLEASE. HELP ME.
JUST AS WE THOUGHT.
SHE WON'T EVEN HELP A CHILD.
SO VERY DISAPPOINTING.
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
STILL HUNGRY?
GO AHEAD.
TAKE A BITE.
SHE WAS SO SWEET.
WASN'T SHE?
LAST CHANCE TO TALK.
YOU KNOW.
YOU DID THIS TO HER. GAVIN.
HOW DOES THAT MAKE YOU FEEL?
BY NOT COOPERATING
YOU HAVE SEALED HER FATE.
AND NOW YOU HAVE
ALSO SEALED YOUR FATE.
CAN YOU LIVE WITH THAT?
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[LAUGHING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[WHISPERS]
PLEASE. HELP ME.
HELP ME.
PLEASE. PLEASE.
PLEASE. HELP ME.
I WANT TO GET OUT OF HERE
PLEASE.
[POUNDING ON DOOR]
PLEASE LET ME OUT OF HERE.
PLEASE LET ME OUT.
PLEASE GET ME OUT OF HERE.
LET ME OUT.
♪ music
HEY. NANCY'S HERE. HONEY.
TALK TO HER.
YOU OKAY?
DO I LOOK LIKE I'M OKAY?
I JUST HAD FIVE GUYS BREAK IN
HERE AND SHOVE GUNS IN MY FACE.
WELL. WHATEVER IS GOING ON YOU
KNOW I'M HERE.
NANCE. I'M NOT WHO YOU THINK I
AM.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY THAT?
MY COUSIN GAVIN STOLE
$300.000 FROM OUR GRANDMOTHER'S
HOUSE
AND WE'VE SPLIT IT.
BUT IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A
SECRET.
OUR SECRET.
HOW THE FUCK DID THEY KNOW I HAD
MONEY IN HERE?
THEY HAD KEYS TO MY HOUSE.
HOW THE FUCK DID THEY GET KEYS
TO MY HOUSE?
WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO?
WE?
I'M NOT IN THIS SHIT.
BUT I JUST NEEDED YOU TO HELP
ME.
NO. I TOLD YOU I WASN'T GETTING
INVOLVED.
I TOLD YOU THAT.
- BUT WE'RE FRIENDS.
- NO. WE'RE FRIENDS. YEAH.
BUT I'M NOT GOING TO LET YOU
FUCK UP MY LIFE.
- NANCE. LIKE I'VE NEVER DONE
ANYTHING FOR YOU?
LIKE YOU'VE NEVER DONE SHIT TO
ME?
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
I NEVER SAID I WAS INNOCENT.
NOT ONE TIME. DID I EVER SAY I
WAS INNOCENT.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT HANNAH?
I NEVER PUT YOUR LIFE IN DANGER.
WHAT SHOULD I DO NOW?
I'M NOT GOING TO EVEN ANSWER
THAT.
♪ music
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[LAUGHING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[CONTINUED LAUGHTER]
[PULSATING HEART BEAT]
[BANG]
[LAUGHING]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
GAVIN.
ARE YOU SCARED?
I HAVE A LETTER FOR YOU.
MORE BULLSHIT.
GAVIN.
YOU ARE NOT IN A POSITION TO
RESPOND.
IF I WERE YOU. I'D LISTEN.
A DECISION HAS BEEN MADE BASED
ON YOUR EVALUATION.
WITHIN 24 HOURS.
YOU WILL DIE.
WHY ARE YOU LOOKING AT ME LIKE
THAT?
PEACE. GAVIN.
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
YOU GOT ANY CIGARETTES IN THERE?
- YOUR JOKES ARE NOT FUNNY.
SEEING THAT YOUR DEATH IS NEAR.
A DECISION WAS MADE.
- A DECISION?
ON WHAT?
WHY DON'T YOU FUCKERS JUST KILL
ME ALREADY?
HUH?
JUST KILL ME.
KILL ME!
- ACTUALLY.
IF IT WERE UP TO ME. I'D CUT
YOUR HANDS OFF
AND LET YOU BLEED TO DEATH.
YOUR EVALUATION IS COMPLETE.
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
HEY.
SHE'S DEAD.
[SINGING]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[LAUGHING]
I TOLD YOU.
[DOOR CLOSING]
MOVE.
VAMANOS!
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
- HOLA.
BUENAS NOCHES.
- WHATEVER YOU JUST SAID WOULD
BE GREAT
IF I SPOKE SPANISH.
- ANY NUMBERS YET?
- NO.
JUST ONE WORD:
PRICELESS.
- I LIKE THAT WORD.
MAKE A WISH.
- WISHES CAN'T COME TRUE WITHOUT
CASH.
- [INDISTINCT].
BUT WHAT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
IS WORTH MUCH. MUCH MORE THAN
CASH.
- YES.
I CAN SEE IT.
- AH. YES.
THE DAY IS COMING.
♪ music
[DOOR SQUEAKING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[CHAINSAW]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
- OH MY GOD. OH MY GOD.
- OH MY GOD. WHAT ARE YOU DOING
HERE?
- I DON'T KNOW.
IF BOTH OF US ARE HERE THEN...
THEN WHAT ABOUT...?
- I HOPE NOT.
MY OTHER SISTER'S NOT HERE
RIGHT?
TALK TO ME.
[YELLING]
COME ON!
WHERE'S MY GODDAMN SISTER?
- IF IT WASN'T FOR BLAKE. I'D BE
DEAD RIGHT NOW.
JUST THE WAY YOU WANTED IT.
RIGHT?
- I'M SORRY. MOMMA.
- SHUT THE FUCK UP.
YOU TRIED KILLING YOUR OWN
MOTHER.
- I'M SORRY. MOM.
BUT GROWING UP IN YOUR HOUSE WAS
BULLSHIT.
I MEAN EVERY FUCKING MONTH YOU
HAD A NEW BOYFRIEND.
YOU EVEN FUCKED MY BOYFRIEND.
AND THEN WHEN HE STARTED
BRAGGING ABOUT IT AT SCHOOL.
THAT WAS IT.
AND FUCK MEXICO.
I WANTED TO KILL YOU RIGHT THEN.
- WELL. I GUESS WE JUST HATE
EACH OTHER. DON'T WE?
BUT WHAT I WANT TO KNOW IS WHO
KILLED GRANDMA?
- I DID.
SHE WAS SICK.
SHE WAS ILL.
AND SHE WANTED TO DIE
AND I TOOK CARE OF IT.
- YOU TOOK CARE OF IT?
YOU BOTH TREATED HER LIKE SHIT.
AND WHEN I FOUND OUT WHAT YOU
DID.
EVEN THOUGH YOU'RE MY GODDAMN
KIDS.
I KNEW I HAD TO GET YOU BACK.
AND THAT'S WHY I TOOK YOU TO
MEXICO.
AND WHEN YOU FOUND OUT ABOUT IT.
YOU TRIED TO FLIP IT AROUND.
PAYBACK'S A MOTHERFUCKER.
[PUNCHING]
- OH MY GOD.
OH MY GOD.
ALL RIGHT. PLEASE STOP.
PLEASE. OH MY GOD.
- PLEASE!
LISTEN. GET OFF OF HIM.
PLEASE.
[NECK BREAKING]
♪ music
[SOBBING]
- NO. OH MY GOD.
NO. NO. NO. NO.
OH MY GOD.
NO.
TAKE OFF THAT MASK YOU
MOTHERFUCKER.
[SOBBING]
[BUZZING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[WATER RUNNING]
[DOORBELL RINGING]
[DOORBELL]
[DOOR OPENING]
READY TO PAY?
- DID YOU REALLY THINK
YOU WERE GOING TO GET AWAY
HANNAH?
[LAUGHING]
♪ music
[CAR DOOR CLOSING]
BILLY.
[POUNDING ON DOOR]
♪ music
[BANG]